okay I'll start at the beginning
don't move oh man await you hands up
salesman name is Josh McMaster he's tell
fire Frank's place to do some business
this guy Josh out of nowhere you two
swoops in take these guys are part
who are you
who is he you don't know did this who
killed our brothers what the man was a
ghost he just rang into existence about
five years ago there's no record of him
before that at all
we got 22 people missing that I know of
people saying all concha crazy thing I
told you it was God he took them up to
heaven
I gotta go my family needs me
I want a man post it when every road in
a town gonna call it ration a light for
the piper put your weapons down that boy
belongs to me dangerous out there
put your head down night.we exact our
pensions what's wrong with these people
yeah
your sacrifice will point him to me and
allow him to be the hero I need him to
be in these final days you with me
are you as here
they all need to decide right now oh
you're outlaws right soon he's gonna
keep coming from me
he's not gonna stop until I stop come on
your world
if you open up your heart to Jesus
he will show you the wagon